Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Board of Arbitration.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Chicago Joint Board.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Convention.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Education Dept.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America General Executive Board.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America New York Joint Board.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Research Department.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Research Dept.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Research dept.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America defendant.
Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, Local 25, Greater New York Coat Makers 
Amalgamated clothing workers of America and Men's clothing manufacturers associations Board of arbitration, Chicago. 
Association for Family Living
Association for Family Living, Chicago 
Chicago Commons Association
Chicago Urban League
Chicago Urban League Research Department.
Chicago Urban League Research and Planning Department.
Chicago Urban League Research and Planning Dept.
Coalition of Labor Union Women (U.S.)
Coalition of Labor Union Women (U.S.) Center for Education and Research.
Coalition of Labor Union Women Convention, Washington, D.C., 1977. 
Coalition of Labor Union Women.
Congress of Racial Equality
Hull House (Chicago, Ill.) 
Industrial Workers of the World
Industrial Workers of the World Convention (2nd : 1906 : Chicago, Ill.) 
Industrial Workers of the World General Defense Committee.
Industrial Workers of the World Textile Workers Industrial Union.
Juvenile Protective Association of Chicago
Juvenile Protective Association, Chicago 
Juvenile protective association of Chicago
La Leche League International
La Leche League of Franklin Park, Inc 
League of Women Shoppers
League of Women Voters
League of Women Voters (U.S.)
League of Women Voters (U.S.) Dept. of Legal Status of Women.
League of Women Voters (U.S.) Education Fund
League of Women Voters (U.S.) Education Fund.
League of Women Voters of Cook County (Cook County, Ill.) 
League of Women Voters of Cook County, Ill 
League of Women Voters of Illinois
League of Women Voters of New York State
League of Women Voters of the City of New York
League of Women Voters of the South Bend Area (South Bend, Ind.) 
National Council of Jewish Women
National Council of Jewish Women New York Section.
New University Conference (U.S.)
New University Conference (U.S.) Women's Caucus.
Northwestern University Settlement (Chicago, Ill.) 
Northwestern University Settlement Association
Northwestern University Settlement Association Board of Directors.
Progressive Labor Party
Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (U.S.)
Students for a Democratic Society (U.S.)
University of Chicago Settlement League Benefit Fund.
University of Chicago Settlement league.
University of Chicago Settlement. Board.
Woman's Peace Party
Women's Trade Union League of Chicago
Women's Trade Union League of New York
Young Women's Christian Association
Young Women's Christian Association National Board.
Young Women's Christian Association of Chicago
Young Women's Christian Association of the U.S.A
Young Women's Christian Association of the U.S.A National Board. Division on work for foreign born women.
Young Women's Christian Association of the U.S.A National Board. War Work Council. Social Morality Committee.
Young Women's Christian Association of the U.S.A National Convention (7th)
Young Women's Christian Associations of Illinois
Young women's Christian association, Brooklyn. [from old catalog] 
